forget to show us how to put
some the tripwire we're supposed
to protect the camp from cold
and nowadays you see more polar
bears on the equation because of
climate change because there is
less sea ice and they usually
sure to transport themselves
from one side of them into the
older you tend to be a little
bit bird when they come up to
your tent want to eat you
so we use the playground scared
him away also mentally we know
that you have these fence around
the campus people can lay awake
online listening
the fishing line with the ice
fishing reel then I can just
these are there's a couple
plastic cups able to shop over
on it that you want all this
follows the pin it will be
scared away all week
yeah
I'm sure you have plenty of
stories but you have one crispy
story to tell us what time it
was entangled into the line and
it will look
so she doesn't like a New Year's
Eve